1. Connect to TWS API
2. Used to trade SPY only - possibly allow to trade something else in the future. but only one instrument at a time. Possibly in the future allow one class to handle market data and have many instances of this program connect to that market data class to trade more than one instrument - wrappers in future?
3. Allow three types of price control:
    a. live market bid/ask with volume prices
    b. historical prices stored in file (implement last)
    c. manual prices regulated by up/down button and a slider - to check algo behaviour
4. Display current postitions:
    a. how many shares at what price
    b. Profit/Loss for each position for each price level? Or just for the whole position
    c. Multiple independent 'postions' or 'accounts' to split up decisions - one for 'scalper' another for 'manual' another for 'soft stop' etc. Each of these - one for long positions and one for short positions. Have at least 10 for starters
5. Display total aggregated position with its total amount, average price, open P/L, closed P/L, 'break even price' etc - make it expandable
6. Ability to place orders manually
7. Ability to add new algos to this program - to test their behaviour.
8. Ability for algos to make decisions based on positions and orders taken by other algos and manual postions/orders
9. Ability to start/stop algos, to modify their parameters.
10. Ability to have multiple algos running at the same time.
11. Cancel button cancelling all algo activity 'STOP ALL ALGOS'
12. Cancel button cancelling all manual orders 'CANCEL ALL MANUAL'
13. Close all positions button sending market order to make position flat and cancel all algos 'FLATTEN ALL'
14. 'Aggregate Algos' - algos having multiple algos inside them and making decisions based on 'internal algo' behaviour


DETAILS:

1. One (big?) user interface window with price control, all status 'lights', buttons 11,12,13 from above list, summary of all positions P/L, buttons for displaying other windows (see below)
2. Several (hidable) windows - one for each 'positions' 'class' - one for manual long positions, one for manual short positions, one for each of different algos; separate window for 'aggregate algos'. Possibly - just a few windows but each window with ability to chose which 'positions' it displays
